Respected Sir,I have Applied for Course .Being a Professional I Submitted the Documents.Please Review My Application and the Login Details. Thanking You
Hi,I'm unable to Change the password with below error message in the screenshot.Please check.Regards,
Hi team,I had enrolled in the course and had to finish the course by October. But I had some emergency that required all my attention. I still have 4 course to complete.I really want to finish my sessions and have found the sessions to be immensely helpful. Therefore requesting you to, if possible, extend the duration of my course for a week.Best Regards,
Hello, I am not able login in session. thanks
Hi,I won't able to complete the program before the deadline.Kindly extend the deadline.
Hey,I am unable to set my one time password. Below is the error which i am facing. Request your assistance.
Hii,I was on the 6th course, but suddenly while playing, the error is showing on screen and not allowing me to go further with the course. There are no tabs open in my phone  other than the course. Screenshot of the same is attached.
Dear Sir/Madam, I was facing Login Issues , i have not received separate mail which comprises Password. Kindly help me to access and I hereby attached my document.
Dear sir/madam,I am planning to register for programme. I need clarification on one point, after completion of this online course (7 days) whether course available online. Presently I am working and in the present COVID pandemic is there possibility of offline class.It would also be helpful if you provide me an insight for course and the total cost for program.Regards
I was informed to contact this email inorder to get an account. I was unable to complete the classes previously as my college and work had been very demanding, and when I did get time, the class period was over.Thank you for your support.
I have registered on 18 of sept but when i tried to open it today it says token expired.
Dear sir,I'm unable to login to my mobile device using either passcode or SSO.Could you please assist me.
Honorable Sir,I am a student currently pursuing my bachelor in engineering. I am good with the civil engineering fundamentals but now i want to discover and explore myself through the program. I talked to my parents about the program and they said this is utter bullshit and will be of no use.I am a believer but i can't ask them to buy the subscription as i am not yet earning myself. I have seen people believing you. Can you give me the opportunity to experience this magical journey ? I am eager to hear from you.Thanks
Hi,I was watching Chapter 1, and suddenly there was some internet problem , so i clicked "back" button in my phone.Since then I tried many times but I am unable to login, some error is getting displayed.Kindly fix the issue as soon as possible.Thanks.
Hi,i have applied for covid free memeber ship, i am a pharmacicts but i have not still got reply or any confirmation from u r side plz check.
Can you help me where to find online class I have submitted the fee.
I already done the registration regarding online program in Hindi language , I got only receipt of fee deposited , now I am waiting for the further details like login and schedule, so kindly send the information regarding the information.Thanks and Regards
Dear team,I have submitted an application for the course and just wanted to check if it was received.My friends who are going through this course said the online credentials for the course will be received within 2 days and that is why i am following up on the status. If the application could not be found, i can submit a new one as well.Thank you
Hi Team, I have registered for sessions and I have completed four of them. After 2 weeks when I am trying to login, it gives an attached error message.
I am not able to set a password, so that I am not able to log and start the course & Please find the below trail mail and I have already paid too. Kindly do the needful.
Hello! My account is going to expire in 3 days and I have completed only two segments can I have th deadline extended to another 3 weeks?Thankyou.
Greetings for the day,I have just registered myself in the course a couple of minutes back , and I m eagerly waiting for the login details . Please share the details .With love
I registered for course on 7th September 20. My course will be finished with in two days. But, I did not finish the couse completely yet. So, please extend the time for one more week.and do the needful.
hii,This is to seek an help from your side. Actually I have registered to course by mistake instead of Registering other course.Is it possible to cancel the registration and Refund by any chance, please Guide Thanks and Regards
Hi,I had opted for Hindi as the language for course. But I am not able to follow properly and would like to change the language to English. I am ready to pay the excess amount for English. Please let me know how to proceed in this case if I want to change the program language to English.Thanks,
Kindly help me out to login for course as unable to set password and proceed.
Dear Concern,I am not able to Login to my account having ID.Kindly resolve.Best Regards
As I missed my some online class due to my work schedule. Hence I request you to send me link for that particular day of the class.Thanking you!!
I couldn't continue my course due to some personal reasons.. I humbly request you to give one more oppertunity to continue the course ..
Dear Team,I have applied for courses. Even after 24 hours I am not getting any updates on the same. So please let me know the status of my application.Regards
Respected sir/ma'am,You're are kindly requested to change my name.I completed all 7 modules. But my name wasn't correct so you're highly requested to please change my name.  I will be very thankful to you. thanks
Dear Sir,I have subscribed for courses but while doing first time login I am getting error. Please help in getting the access,Regards
I have registered for online program, will I get the tutorial in mail or some link will be provided?
Dear Sir/Madam,I got started and did 2 sessions but both incomplete. So I hereby request if I can be allowed to start afresh so I can complete the whole program at a stretch in 7 days. Hope you oblige.Thanks and regards,
Dear Sir/Madam,I tried several times yesterday through desktop site and even through mobile app for registration for differ language, but all the time it showed the error as the program is available only for India.Kindly send me the payment link for differ language.Regards,
Can you extend my validity by one more week as I'm pregnent I could not complete it on time Thanks & Regards,
Today I made payment for courses but the email received doesn't contain any login details please help as soon as possible.
Hello , I am unable to locate the mail , may be deleted it by mistake , regards.
Hi,I have an issue with website, while login got an error as unauthorised- token expired. kindly find the attached screenshot and help me to solve this.Regards,
Hello,I am not able to see any videos/modules after I login. Can you please enable the course for me.Thanksyou
Dear Team,I enrolled myself into the course, but i am unable to login to the site. Need your help on the same.Thanks,
Respected Sir / Madam With respect to the above mentioned subject, Date: 30-08-2020. Due to some emergency I was not able to complete the course. Kindly give the extension for the completion of the course. Please oblige the request. Thank you
I didn't get any confirmation please confirm it when my application will be confirmed? I have opted for training. In the website its showing that this course is free for medical professionals. As I am a medical professional please let me know or guide me what is the process to access the course free. I have registered (enrolled) for the course already. Please approve my application asap. thanks,
Dear Sir, As per the email i got from you this course is not going to be accessible afterOctober.Since I couldn not use this online session in one month time,could you plz extend the time period and allow me to take the course. Thank you Regards
did not receive any login id or password. How to log in to my program.please let me know .
Dear team,Getting network error problem after playing first video after 38 mins.We tried it 3 times everytime it got stuck at same place e.g. 38 mins.Pleas, kindly help in resolving the same.
Is the language conversion done ? Will I get a notification or something once done?Please confirm.
Tomorrow i buy this course but i donot able to  login. When i set a new password it indicated.
Hi, I enrolled for courses about a couple of days ago but have not been able to log in. I do not know where and how to start. Please advise.Regards
Dear sir,I'm unable to login to the page. Request to solve the issue.
i have purchased the course and i am not able to open it as the new password setup shows token expired to me, my course will be expired and i am not able to use it
Kindly extend the program to view for 15 more days and oblige. Regards, 
When I put login I'd and password then following screen is showed..pls help to access...send guide line in English....I have already submitted fees for online participation.
I can't access program..already I have set password...but when I go to loge in page and put my ID and passwor but can't access...pls help and send all guide line in english...
What is the procedure to login?once I click on the login link i get a page to set password but it is not moving to the next step.
Sir,I have an issue regarding login.The pop-up message shows that the account has expired.Please help me regarding this.
Well, if you can help me with some books, reading or recordings or any kind related that would be greatly appreciated,plz help me net don't work here and I'm a covid warrior
Dear sir,I attend the first class see today, but I missing last session of Manifestaion Tools, so pls I need 1 st class or Last session tool Help me,Regards
After payment is done I got a email for set password.  But I'm unable to set password.  What to do? I'm typing password clicked on set password but the page is still/stuck not logging in!!
I have today registered for the course here and I am looking forward to learning and study here. I will start the course tomorrow. Thank you for the guidelines given in the mail. My question is after completing this workshop are you giving any online participation certificate? I am looking forward to your kind reply. Once again thank you.Regards,
I understand that.  But I request you to allow me see the second video once again
I have submitted the  screenshot of the receipt but still not received your material for course.... please sir take active step regarding this.My Registration number is given
Sir, i have purched class yesterday.But i unable to login by using my emil id.what can i do?
Hi,Due to my password Login query I was not able to access my account and take sessions. I wanted around a week in following up with the team to reset the password. And, now my course has expired.I request you to increase the duration for my course as I still need to take sessions.Thanks=20
Hello Team,Good morning, I still didn't received my welcome kit as per registration that I did yesterday. I hope you please adress the issue as soon as possible and please stay safe.Warm Regards
Sorry for causing inconvenience, I have not received any username and password, kindly help me in this regards Thank you
Had registered for program one month back could not do the course, can I do fresh registration from the same mail Id and do the course Thank you.
Hello sir,There is a problem in login...There is a messege that Password is invalid. Kindly tell me what to do now .
Hello,I registered for this course and not able t login. I get the error, invalid username and password. 
Dear sir/madam,I hope my issue is been registered I wish to upgrade to English language audio and do not mind to pay the difference amount so please help as soon as possible because I would not be able to benefit from the 50% price after 30th may.Best regards
Hello,As per our telephonic call, I am forwarding you my email and also share me next session date so that I can enroll for it.
I had completed all the lectures of course. At the time of final feedback submission i faced an error named error:cmpy; and the same repeated 3 times as i logged in again and tried to submit. I am attaching the screenshot below for your reference. Kindly help me with the further process. Thanking you.
Dear Support Team,At my current location there is network problem from last two days. I am trying to connect but video is buffering many times which is creating problem and unable to concentrate.Yesterday I received message from Mr. Name to complete it by yesterday or today. But due to network issues I am unable to do so.Can I request you for extension of one week.Regards
Hi all..,I am unable to log in due to password issue. Also I have not received any password reset link on my mail despite tryingn to login twice
Hi,I had planned to complete the online sessions by now, but only managed to get through 4. Due to being in a low connectivity area, I sit through each session for double the duration. Also, from now onwards, I am on a little bit of time crunch.Is there a way you could help me with this?
Dear support team,I'm facing an error while trying to open the last session, is there any way I can fix this? The message I'm getting when I try to open it : This video file cannot be played.Thank you for your support.
Hi, This is the screenshot of the page where I am only able to see the courses list and there aren't any videos. There is one more link which was sent earlier but it has expired now.Please help me with the same as soon as possible.Regards
Hello,I am really sorry and apologize for not being technology savvy. I have somehow missed this part and was afraid during the online session 5 streaming.I tried my level best to fix it but could not hear the audio. Then I just kept the login on.Could you please consider this as a special case and enable Session 5 again for my account? I will keep in mind below instruction again and will not repeat this issue for remaining 2 sessions. But really need your help for resetting Session Thank you in advance and I hope you would consider my request this time.regards
Hi team,Due to work commitments I was on extensive travel for last few months. Meanwhile the link for prerequisite courses have been expired. Request you to please send new link for the courses so that I can finished it asap.Thanks!Best Regards,
Hellooo,I am kept on encountering error while watching the video I changed the browser and tried Still the same error Please find below attachment
Sir i wasnt able to complete my course and it expired i failed to complete due to my 10+2 bord exams please renew my account i shall be highly obliged
I have just completed 3 sessions out of 7 session.and now the link is not showing in my mail pls send me the link so that I can complete the session.
Hello,I want to do course chose to register to the course.I filled my details and made the payment too.But unfortunately pressed the back button on the page and lost my subscribtion page.kindly help me in this matter so i can get successfully registered.I will attach my payment successfull copy also.Thanking you
Respected sir/madam, i have completed 4 classes in English language in app. But I did not understand details. So, i want to review that 4 classes in hindi language for details understanding.Therefore,  i pray to you help me to review that 4 classes for understanding courses. Then I shall be obliged.
Thank you for providing the contact number but when I made call on the same number, the phone was picked but there was no response . How do I get detailed information about the course?Kindly help me out.Regards
Hi Sir/Mam, I really want to do the course. I am currently in college pursuing graduation. I can't afford it, also I can't ask my family for money for this course as they will say I should focus on my study.I will be very much obliged to you sir if you could provide this course to me for free. Thank you.
Hello,I jus wanted to inform that I am finishing my classes with my husband together. Hence my login wouldn=E2=80=99t be active or my lessons shown as completed.In case I need to report this to someone, kindly do let me know.
Dear Sir,You have understood right, only Mr Second Name is looking for cancellation and refund.
HI ,I didnt complete chapter 1 and when i logged on it says its completed and got to the task assessment page . On which i wrote my concern that i didnt hear the Chapter one . I cant rewind it now.You can reply to my email 
Hii, I want to know information regarding my enrollment for online course. It's has been 24 days and not received my invitation,kindly receive my request. And please let me know if there is any problem.
I had registered for the course and got the link for the videos one month later but didn't get any notification regarding this and I couldn't watch the videos as they expired in 4 days. Also now I cannot login to my account and not getting any reset link in my email.Pleasure suggest how can I login to my account. And also if I can get the access to video again. I am willing to complete videos in four days.
Hello Admin,I have started watching session #1 on mobile but due to bad network it interupted some times. Due to that I was not able to watch video completely. Now when I am log in it directly takes me to session number #2. How can I watch session #1 video?Can you please help me?Can you please reset link so I can watch session #1.Best regards,
Dear sir/madam,I purchased online course on 2020..I got an email with user id , but no password in it.I do not have password and I am not able to access the course content.Please help me with this issue.Thanks & Regards
Hello,The reply has left me confused.How do I know if there is a vacancy available for coursess scheduled to be held from 2020.My Friends want to participate in the program,please advise if there is a vacancy.Thank you
Dear Sir/ Madam,I am now free to continue online program. Please extend the validity of the same . I will be attending session that will be held in March end.Kind Regards,
I am a student and I was busy in my exams so I couldn't watch the sessions Kindly re activate my sessions so that I can complete it on time.
Is it any way possible to reset all the videos that I have watched in the online so that I can watch them again, because last time I watched them, I watched them in pieces, I wasn't able to watch one video in one sitting fully due to the disturbances in the net in my hostel, Sorry for inconvenience again.. Thanks in advance.
I have not done the online session . Pls send me the details.I have enrolled myself for course  Regards,
Respected sir,I have attached the e-receipt down here you had asked for in your previous email. I would like if you now transfer my program seat. Thanking you,
Dear sir,due wrong email id, i did not get ki, login and password.hence,I Paid for different as i already paid , i did not use it, it was wrong email id.plz give detail about refund procedure
Hello Team,Request your help in extending the course by just a week, if possible. I am traveling and hence unable to watch the videos.Thanks for your time.
Respected sir/ma'am. due to my father's serious health issues I am unable to program kindly assist me how can I get refund of my registration fee. My registration details are as follows.
I have only three days left for the completion of program. Due to the hectic schedule i could not give time as i am a working professional.Can these session be completed in three days?Kindly guide!!Regards.
Yes, I usually get time on weekends. Please make it available so that I can use by weekends.Regards,
Dear Team,I really appreciate & thankful to you for extending my session for 2 weeks. But suddenly a plan has came up this weekend & next weekend due to early year festivities at my home eg. makar sankranti. Hence I request you to disable my course for this & next week, re-enable link for below 2 weeks :Regards,
Hello,I tried again and again received the error message. I tried again on my phone (unlike other times) and I did NOT get the error message BUT I don't have the course and a confirmation email.Please help me.Thank you
Hello,I am looking at courses scheduled. It also mentions that if I have enrolled in the program then I need not register separately. Wanted to confirm the same, and check how do I confirm my participation. Could you please help ?Regards
I completed the 1st session today. And I am available to complete this course in 2 weeks time.
Thank you for extending by 2 weeks.  But I have not been able to watch the videos due to a genuine engagement on the personal front.We are moving house and the work related to that is on since November.This will be over by end of February, So I request you to please extend the date to March 3rd week.Thanking you in anticipation,
Dear Sir / Madam,It is painful to inform you that, Because of Some Important Reasons, I am Not Able to attend course which is Held.For which I registered earlier my details are given Please do needful...Thanks & Regards




 





































 











































 




